Abraxas customer story (#1014)
quarkusio/quarkusio.github.io: _posts/2021-06-22-abraxas-customer-story.adoc

---
layout: post

> title: 'Java and Taxes: Two Things That Are Certain in a Developer's Life'

Reviewer: ' inside '' messes up asciidoc parser.

```suggestion
title: "Java and Taxes: Two Things That Are Certain in a Developer's Life"
```
